Blog post on whats new in Camel 3.10. (#580)
apache/camel-website: content/blog/2021/05/Camel310-Whatsnew/index.md

The components are upgraded to Kafka 2.8.

### Camel K

We have continued porting over more from the Camel K runtime to this core Camel project.
The support for webhooks and kamelet reify component has been ported over.

### Rest DSL

The Rest DSL have been improved to support the OpenAPI 3.1 specification
in regards to declaring security model and requirements.

### Cloud component

The Camel AWS and Azure components have had various bug fixes and smaller improvements.

### Easier fat-jar packaging

We added a new `prepare-fatjar` goal to the
[camel-maven-plugin](https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/main/tooling/maven/camel-maven-plugin/src/main/docs/camel-maven-plugin.adoc)
which allows to prepare your Camel application for fat-jar packaging where the plugin scans your project
and generate one unique _uber metadata_ file. This allows _fat-jar_ packaging such
as various maven plugins to safely package together the Camel JARs and your application
in a single JAR which otherwise would cause Camel metadata files to be overridden.

### Debezium

Camel now supports Debezium 1.5.

### Quarkus

This release is preparing for supporting the upcoming Quarkus 2.0 release.

> Camel is now upgraded to support VertX and the MicroProfile v4 specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camel is now upgraded to support Vert.X and the MicroProfile v4 specification.
```
